.
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
O.k.
O.k. what?
Let's go
Where?
It's getting late for the bar.
they are waiting
my friends are waiting
Let them wait
Holy fuck!. this jerk never stop snoring
for the whole night!
No fucking kiddin'. that's not true
To be honest. tonight I'd rather sleep in the car
And what if you get cold?
Or at least if you let me sleep with you guys
Yes. you wish
You need to ask Thomas for permission
Little Thom
How do you know he's the "Little Thom"
The "little one"
Don´t listen to this asshole.
gonna get her so drunk that
she wouldn't remember where she'd sleep
Hey! what about those guys she's flirting with
She's been doing it with all the boys in town
Yeah right. I'm feeling the heat
She already got horny
Let's get some tacos.
he's taking too long
You take the ages.
try to be more considered please
Is this your house?
Yes. I live here
Good evening.
come on in.
have a sit.
I'm leaving now
¿What's your name boy?
Hey you! What's your name?
Joshua.
my name's Joshua
I'm Gabriel
Have a sit…
and. what do you do for living?
still studying I supposed.
you look pretty young to me
You're here to fuck her. huh?
she's cute.
so cute.
Alani.
her name's Alani
and she's really pretty
Beauty through years
becomes a regular thing.
you get used to it
and then you forget it.
forgetting
is a dangerous thing.
really dangerous.
because you start to search beauty
in other places.
Is him your husband?
My partner…
don't worry.
he's harmless
Look.
She's beautiful. don't you think so?
Although beauty is not positive.
it's a charge.
a hindrance.
attracts predators
and we
are predeators.
The best thing you can get it's to die buddy.
I can give you immortality.
it's a shame.
I'm not in a good mood.
TO DRINK FOR YOUR BLOOD
Who do you think she looks like?
It's a girl.
to you I supposed.
I hope she looks like you because if she looks like me.
little poor girl.
Do you feel comfortable with this of being a father?
Yes
Don't you think you'll be better
with the other girl you were dating?
It's a topic that we've already been through
and don't want to go through it again.
We didn't used live together any longer.
it wasn't until I told you about
the pregnancy that you got back with me.
I know
I went away.
but that doesn't mean I stopped loving you
I don't know.
I'm not sure if you'd like to be father of this baby
To be honest. I'm afraid.
I'm worried
about the expenses. food.
to disappoint you.
but I'm with you.
You didn't want to be a father.
since boyfriends you've said
you didn't want to have children
You didn't want it either.
and look at us now.
I just wanted to have children when I first met you.
Well. people change.
Are you sure you don't miss her?
I told you because I mean it
I'm here because I want to be with you guys.
besides I don't want to talk about it.
Help!
And now. why are you so upset?
I'm mad because you haven't had the will
to have a baby with me
You know I don't want to be a father.
and I was clear since the beginning.
You were father already.
even if they have died.
you were once a father.
We've gave up on having children
since pretty long time ago.
and actually. you've asked me to become immortal.
You're selfish fucked!
You've said it was to be alone. just you & I
You're a selfish fucked!
Can't I have something for me?
Something that I want?
Come here bitch.
come here
Take your damn whore with you
I did love you.
I did everything for you.
but you've corrupted our relationship.
No!
¡Please!
You and I stopped being what it was
for a long time ago
The worst enemy of a couple
are not the children.
it's time.
it's routine.
life.
and love.
In the eternity there's
a lot of time that has had corrupted us.
Don't worry. it's ok.
You're a beautiful woman.
it's not that I don't want it.
but I'm going to be a father.
I understand.
you love your woman.
No. I don’t love her.
I'm going to be a father.
I'm also with a man I don't want.
think we're both caught.
You're going to need a bigger size.
Yes. isn't?
How long have you been pregnant?
Five. five months.
Can I touch?
It´s a girl.
You really want this girl.
You really wished to get pregnant.
you'll call her Julia.
as your mother.
she died a year ago.
cancer.
you were for long time with her.
that was just about to finish with your relationship.
you needed to split your time
between him and her.
You were with her when she died.
you’ve looked at her eyes while she took
her last breath.
went out to ask for help.
but there was nobody.
you knew it was the end.
you've sat to cry at the door…
Girl.
easy.
everything will be alright
It's a gift that I've always got.
although I don't always consider it something good.
because people it's filled with pain.
full of scars.
emotional scars.
that only I can see.
that's why I don't consider it so good.
Well it's extraordinary.
it's really good
to have someone that knows you.
that understands you. to make you feel accompanied.
not that alone.
I wish you could see inside my person.
I also wish I could penetrate
in your mind and your inside.
Everybody needs someone to understand us.
that's something I really know well how to do.
someone who listens.
support.
to like one.
an entity.
an energy.
love.
Let me invite you to a play tonight.
in my house.
I'm an actor.
tonight we're having a presentation.
you've may heard about me.
I'm Gabriel.
actor and lunatic.
You'll be my special guests.
and what do you think if later
I offer you a big dinner.
I'm also a cook.
and my specialty it's flesh
and blood.
Well. I'll have to take my couple with me
Of course!
I'm sure he'll find some of interest too.
Are we on?
let's go. it's raining!
Let's go!
Hi sweetie.
Where were you?
At the cinema
You took too long. don't you think so?
Yes. it took me more than I thought.
Well I had a great time the whole evening.
we've met and actor who's also a medium.
Medium? That sounds like deceiver.
No… He invited us to a play
and then dinner at his house.
the girls and I are so excited.
And… at what time are you leaving?
they haven't say a thing
no me han dicho nada
and I need to get changed…
come on. let's go.
you were not with me for the whole evening.
come with us.
The truth.
it's I don't even think you should go.
It sounds like he's a deceiver and sure
it's going to charge you a lot of money.
Well if he does...
I would...
pay.
You smell funny.
No…
look. what if I take a quick bath. change
and we're leaving…
Don't take too long
No.
Desire
your skin
I desire
yourself
between your fire I let myself go…
Want me.
with hunger want to eat me.
desire of me.
desire.
desire of your skin. I desire.
drink of your blood I want.
wish to eat me.
Thank you very much to be with us.
we'll see us next time.
So good you could be with us.
let me please invite you to the dining room.
I'll be with you in a moment.
Thanks.
Cheers!
Cheers.
I'm really glad you've accepted my invitation to dinner.
I hope the play has been of your taste.
Let me introduce you to my couple…
Alani.
Hi there!. I'm Alani.
Hi.
I'm Javier.
she's my couple. Lizeth.
Hi.
Lizeth.
nice to meet you.
Hope you like it!
it's a special dish I learnt at Peru.
And you are?
it's a pleasure. Claudia.
My pleasure. and you are?
Hi! I'm Vania.
Both of you are really pretty.
we should go out sometime.
Sure! Yes!
Well. let's celebrate because of our new friends.
and for what we hope it's going to be
an unforgettable evening.
I think I imagine how you met Gabriel.
Who of you did he read?
Me! He read me.
your husband is wonderful.
he told me things no one did before.
My couple.
we are not married.
How long have you been together?
It seems like eternity.
Really? how old are you?
How old do I look like?
I don't know.
you look young but there's something old in you…
Like an old soul.
yes. like an old soul.
Alani has a gift. same as me.
but it's a lot more sensitive.
it's like in nature.
female are predators.
You look great as couple.
How long have you been together?
Well. it's been so many years.
we were together during high school.
after that each one took their own road.
we met again.
we've fall apart.
and now together again.
And your waiting for a girl.
How did you know it?
Told you that my woman has many gifts.
better than mine.
How does it feel? to be pregnant?
Well.
it's really uncomfortable.
first your body starts to change.
your skin stretches…
you never thoughts in kids?
No.
our time to become parents has gone.
since pretty long time…
How that young?
it's because a biologic problem.
What a shame.
Can I?
I can feel him heart beating.
and blood running through his little body.
He knows you're his mother.
But not about his father.
he'll know it when he'd met him.
Excuse me.
I need to retire.
My woman is too sensitive as I told you.
Would you like a dessert?
Yes!
You're going to love it. it's delicious.
I'm shure your are going to love it.
Let's go.
Both of us?
Come on. it is something big.
we'll need more than four hands.
Let's go!
Let's go.
This is enormous!
Smells delicious.
Would you like some?
Go on.
Baby. he's your father.
he's dying to meet you.
Don't you think he'd like to meet you?
I don't think she doesn't even know she has a dad.
Don't be ridiculous.
obviously she knows.
Well then maybe I'm the one
who doesn't want her to know.
You're hypocrite.
Selfish.
I just know that this situation is beyond my reach.
Forgive me.
I know you don't mean it but
I just wanted to be honest.
If you wanted to be honest you
wouldn't get back to me since the beginning.
You hurt yourself. and you hurt the others.
Really.
if you're just with me because of the baby
I set you free!
Go on.
I'm not going to prohibit you seeing her.
You are her father.
But I don't want next to me someone who doesn't love me.
Why don't you stop hurting me?
What is it dear? Why are you crying?
You're going to hurt your baby.
Could open the door please. I need to leave.
I don't understand. your boyfriend is upstairs.
Are you mad at each other?
That is out of your business.
Why don't you try to fix the things up.
I didn't have a happy family.
You did. Didn't you?
Do you think the child would look like Javier?
What do you know about Javier?
What can you say about him?
Do you think you're the only one in Javier's life?
Javier loves me.
We're going to have a baby.
whether you like it or not.
Can't you get it?
You don't have any right
to get your nose in our lives.
Look at you.
look the house where you live.
Claudia.
friend wake up.
You became a mother since really young
Really you feel resignated?
To spend your whole life with a person
who you're in doubt every moment?
you're suspicious been true lady.
he cheats on you.
he lives a double life.
has another wife
and son.
¿How can you be net to such a disgusting man?
Can't you realize?
You have the same look as my father.
when I cut his throat with a blade.
my mother laughed
while drawn in her own blood.
Do you listen to what you're saying?
You are...
insane!
Love is not a universal thing.
you got to understand it.
We need to be prepare because
they're going to betrayed us.
the only thing we have
is the addictive sensation of love.
That's to you.
you don't even know how to love yourself.
how do you want someone else to love you.
if you can't do it by your own.
I do feel loved.
by the same man who loves you.
Shut up!
I've already told you that Javier is mine!
Let me go.
I've never got pregnant.
that's why I envy you.
Don't you ever mention God!
the coward who disappoint you.
how can you keep trusting in someone
Who is just a silent witness
of your pain. your suffering?
What is happening to me?
You should be thankful.
I'll make of you a best woman.
My poison runs through all your body.
soon you'll be one of us.
an immortal.
you'll drink the blood of the living.
you'll be better. because God
God made you weak.
God's not guilty of what I'm?
Vania!
What you're going to give me for saving your life?
What have you done to Vania?
Nothing that she didn't want.
Are you going to kill me?
What do you offer me?
The decision is yours.
Nothing.
What are you going to do to me?
Then...
it will be fun to watch how love
can last between two friends?
!No!
What are you anyway?
Don't you worry.
I'm not letting any anyone hurt you.
is it true that I really feel you near me.
I feel you near too
It's been so long without feeling
so comfortable with somebody.
Love is a sick thing
that changes thru the years
and changes because we people change.
Amorousness is essence of love.
Is what make us see the other.
Yo creo que el enamoramiento.
I think amorousness is the best stage
of the couple.
The best kisses.
the best pettings
and the best sex.
we feel so alive
that's why most of us would like
to live in eternal amorousness
That's why we always want to fall in love.
because it's addictive.
Is the stage in which we can get pregnant.
the vital force is so strong that we take it away from the
other during sex.
One dies so the other lives.
is the highest sacrifice
that a father can make
for mother and son to live in eternity.
Gabriel is a big selfish
What you want is him to get you pregnant
and die voluntarily.
Well my life will be your son's. right?
Our lovechild.
Claudia.
Don't you love me?
I don't know.
besides. in a few I'm going to be a father.
yes but don't you love the mother.
I can see in your heart that is true.
What do you fell when you're with me?
Peace.
lots of peace.
And love?
I don't know.
And desire?
I want to eat you.
That's the attitude.
I'm so wet that I'm a complete sea.
Drown me in your sea.
Tell me you love me.
I love you. I love you.
Sweet love.
fill me with your sperm.
make me yours.
Drink of my blood.
take my being.
I can't!
Leave me alone!
¿What's wrong?
¿What happened?
I hate you!
I hate cause you let me love you!
I hate you cause let give
yourself completely.
I can't kill you.
If I'm going to have a baby with you.
I want to share it with you.
Like spiders.
I can play with my prey.
before I eat it.
Run in your blood
the will of living.
that's why you're so attractive.
Vania. friend. we knew each other since too long.
you're the only one who stood with me
when that fucker hit and almost kill me.
and don't you even think because of that
I ain't going to defend myself
There's nothing better
than a strong presence.
your soul encourages mine.
You want to be like us. don't you?
The desire of immortality intoxicates you.
We don't need anyone else.
my friend.
Where's Lizeth?
She is sleeping.
Wake her up.
Vania!
I was always there for you.
My pleasure to see you here.
How do you feel?
Are you ok?
Can you feel her?
Can you feel our baby?
she's not supposed to be here.
let's take her out.
Javier no.
you've always knew.
you and Javier. that ain't work out.
that baby is just a desperate try
to keep the relation on
Truly. I don't think
this will work
Don't please Javier.
don't tell me this I love you.
I think you should be separated.
Stay with me.
I can't. forgive me.
Javier. tell her you don't love her.
Go away bitch!
Why don't you leave us alone.
Forgive me.
Tell her. you hurt her more when you don't say the truth.
What is what you want?
You think I'm going to take this?
after so many years like this with Gabriel.
To accept that she loves others?
Or what is your fantasy?
Have both of us?
To love both of us?
Fuck the two of us?
Yes. I know how to pleasure a woman.
¡Let me go! ¡Go away!
I know how to use my tongue.
Let me go. Leave me alone!
Let's go Javier!
Come on Javier please.
Let me go.
I can't.
Forgive me but I can't.
I don't want to be with you.
Forgive me.
I don't want to.
I don't want to be with you.
I always feel envy with pregnant woman.
It's a gift that god took away from many of us
You. men. you had become just that of us.
sexual objects.
whores.
wet pussies.
in tits.
with no value of creation.
That is what God has taken from me.
Eso es lo que dios a mi me ha quitado.
No!
What have you done?
Besides. I wouldn't stand
that you had another woman.
How does it feel to give birth?
How does it feel to be a father?
How does it feel to have everything?
To have a child?
Now you have what you always wanted.
A happy family.
As I see. dinner is ready.
Now you're mine.
mine like a thing.
It feels. every beat of your heart.
count your beats
and keep them in your memory
and have the taste of blood in your mouth.
and keep it well in your mind.
because it will be the only thing to remain
after the big feast I give myself.
Love really.
make us weak.
stupid.
and is the biggest witness
of the pain from human kind.
Look. how love lasts
you see soon I got someone
to be on your place.
Forget the hope of getting out of here alive.
You think your actions cause me pain?
The real pain is in my inside.
You he left in this body
a map of pain with no mercy.
of grieves and textures.
same as I've done in your skin.
my body is a continent
in which you've built roads
and time has got me a weaker man.
the biggest pain in this life is to change.
to grow old.
see how your life becomes
blood and pus filled sores.
you aren't young again.
and little by little you'll see how you wouldn't
even recognize yourself on the mirror.
that's my real pain.
Yes. I'm a monster.
done at your shape and measure.
I had become this gross mass
and is for that you don't love me.
for getting older?
For not being forever young?
Well now see what I really am.
Go on eat.
took her sex.
her breasts.
vagina.
you feed from her soul and blood.
you've kill her.
that's the insect in which you've fell in love with?
Well if you don't want to bewith me
there's no more to do.
vaginas.
vaginas are there in everywhere.
Alani isn't what I need.
Your sex is the same as every woman.
I wish I could have been stronger
before time and life.
be more integral for you
and have given everything you've asked for
is so hard to give love
and so easy to think about it
and ask for it.
Look at me.
see me as the first time.
keep in your mind the moment
in which you've fell in love with me.
kiss me.
Take me.
let's get pregnant.
make my essence prevails.
allow me to exist in another being.
I'm already death.
forgive me God
for being so contradictious.
forgive me life
for being human.
because I was just an irrational being.
Forgive me.
because I've only been selfish as a human.
is the only thing I had to survive.